Chopsticks!
A few researchers set out to determine the optimal length of chopsticks for children and adults. They came up with a measure of how effective a pair of chopsticks performed, called the "Food Pinching Performance." The "Food Pinching Performance" was determined by counting the number of peanuts picked and placed in a cup (PPPC).
An investigation for determining the optimum length of chopsticks.
Link to Abstract and Paper
the abstract below was adapted from the link
Chopsticks are one of the most simple and popular hand tools ever invented by humans, but have not previously been investigated by ergonomists. Two laboratory studies were conducted in this research, using a randomised complete block design, to evaluate the effects of the length of the chopsticks on the food-serving performance of adults and children. Thirty-one male junior college students and 21 primary school pupils served as subjects for the experiment to test chopsticks lengths of 180, 210, 240, 270, 300, and 330 mm. The results showed that the food-pinching performance was significantly affected by the length of the chopsticks, and that chopsticks of about 240 and 180 mm long were optimal for adults and pupils, respectively. Based on these findings, the researchers suggested that families with children should provide both 240 and 180 mm long chopsticks. In addition, restaurants could provide 210 mm long chopsticks, considering the trade-offs between ergonomics and cost.
For the rest of this project, answer all questions based only on the part of the experiment analyzing the thirty-one adult male college students.
Download the data set for the adults, then answer the following questions based on the abstract and the data set.
If you double click on this cell, you will see the text change so that all of the formatting is removed. This allows you to edit this block of text. This block of text is written using Markdown, which is a way to format text using headers, links, italics, and many other options. You will learn more about Markdown later in the Nanodegree Program. Hit shift + enter or shift + return to show the formatted text.
